lib: nrf_modem: Add experimental thread based trace processing (#7281)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

Modem trace module
******************

> The modem trace module is implemented in :file:`nrf/lib/nrf_modem_lib/nrf_modem_lib_trace_sync.c`. Except when the experimental :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_THREAD_PROCESSING` is enabled, then :file:`nrf/lib/nrf_modem_lib/nrf_modem_lib_trace.c` is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modem trace module is implemented in :file:`nrf/lib/nrf_modem_lib/nrf_modem_lib_trace_sync.c`.
If the experimental :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_THREAD_PROCESSING` Kconfig option is not enabled, the :file:`nrf/lib/nrf_modem_lib/nrf_modem_lib_trace.c` file is used.
```

If the application wants the trace data, :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_init` must be called before :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init`.

> This is done automatically when using the OS Abstraction layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done automatically when using the OS abstraction layer.
```

If the application wants to stop an ongoing trace session, it can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_stop` function.
The :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_start` function supports activating a subset of traces or all traces.

> **Thread based processing**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thread-based processing
=======================
```

> For better load distribution on the application, enable experimental thread based trace processing with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_THREAD_PROCESSING`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For better load distribution on the application, enable the experimental thread-based trace processing through the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_THREAD_PROCESSING` Kconfig option.
```

Trace processing is done in ``trace_handler_thread``.
When the modem trace module receives trace data, it places it in a FIFO queue.
The thread reads from the FIFO queue and forwards the trace data to the configured trace transport medium.
The FIFO queue used by the modem trace module uses dedicated heap memory.

> If the modem trace medium is unable to keep up with the modem traces, the heap size can be increased by enabling :kconfig:option:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE_OVERRIDE` and configuring :kconfig:option:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE`. Increasing the heap size will allow more traces in the FIFO queue, but the trace heap will still be depleted if the modem continues to send traces faster than the medium can handle over time. If increasing the trace heap size does not help, either optimize the medium speed or use a faster trace transport medium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the modem trace medium is unable to keep up with the modem traces, the heap size can be increased by enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE_OVERRIDE` and configuring :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE`. 
Increasing the heap size allows more traces in the FIFO queue, but the trace heap will still be depleted if the modem continues to send traces at a rate faster than the rate at which the medium can handle over time.
If increasing the trace heap size does not help, either optimize the medium speed or use a faster trace transport medium.
```

If the application wants the trace data, :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_init` must be called before :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_init`.
This is done automatically when using the OS Abstraction layer.

If the application wants to stop an ongoing trace session, it can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_stop` function.
The :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_start` function supports activating a subset of traces or all traces.

**Thread based processing**

> To reduce the system load on the application, enable experimental thread based trace processing with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_THREAD_PROCESSING`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For better load distribution on the application, enable experimental thread based trace processing with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_THREAD_PROCESSING`.
```

Trace processing is done in ``trace_handler_thread``.
When the modem trace module receives trace data, it places it in a FIFO queue.
The thread reads from the FIFO queue and forwards the trace data to the configured trace transport medium.
The FIFO queue used by the modem trace module uses dedicated heap memory.

> If the modem trace medium is unable to keep up with the modem traces, the heap size can be increased by enabling :kconfig:option:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE_OVERRIDE` and configuring :kconfig:option:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE`. Increasing the heap size will allow more traces in the FIFO queue, but the trace heap will still be depleted if the modem continues to send traces faster than the medium can handle over time. If increasing the trace heap size does not help, either optimize the medium speed or use a faster trace medium.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the modem trace medium is unable to keep up with the modem traces, the heap size can be increased by enabling :kconfig:option:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE_OVERRIDE` and configuring :kconfig:option:`NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_HEAP_SIZE`. Increasing the heap size will allow more traces in the FIFO queue, but the trace heap will still be depleted if the modem continues to send traces faster than the medium can handle over time. If increasing the trace heap size does not help, either optimize the medium speed or use a faster trace transport medium.
```
